To run the game:

1) Import 'AICompo-desktop' and 'AICompo-core' into your preferred java IDE
2) Run com.aicompo.game.desktop.DesktopLauncher.java

Adding your AI to the game:

When CTRL + 1 is pressed in the waiting menu, the game will add an DemoAIPlayer.
This class is documented and can be modified.
It is found in com.aicompo.example alongside other example code.
The main function to look at is 'public void run()', and 
your AI code should go where it says 'YOUR AI CODE HERE'

How to connect:

Open a TCP socket and connect to the host using port 45556.
Your player ID will be sent right after you've connected.

Receiving the map:

MAP_BEGIN - Indicates the start of map stream
width;height - The height and width of the map. This is only sent once.
x;y;collision - Position and the type of the tile (0 = empty, 1 = occupied). This is repeatedly sent until the entire map is sent.
MAP_END - Indicates the end of map stream

Receiving the game state:

PLAYERS_BEGIN - Indicates the start of players stream
id;name;x;y;degrees - The parameters of the player. x and y is the center of the player, and degrees is the direction of which the player is facing (in degrees). This is repeatedly sent until all players are processed.
PLAYERS_END - Indicates the end of players stream

BULLETS_BEGIN - Indicates the start of the bullets stream
id;ownerid;x;y;degrees - The parameters of the bullets. x and y is the center of the bullet, and degrees is the direction of which the bullet is heading (in degrees). This is repeatedly sent until all bullets are processed.
BULLETS_END - Indicates the end of the bullets stream

When restarting:

RESTART - Indicates the game is about to restart

Available tank moves:

NAME newName - Changes your name (in this exmple to 'newName')
TURN_LEFT - Turns your tank left
TURN_RIGHT - Turns your tank right
STOP_TURN - Stop your tank turning
MOVE_FORWARDS - Move your tank forwards
MOVE_BACKWARDS - Move your tank backwards
STOP_MOVE - Stop your tank moving
SHOOT - Shoot (has a 1 second cooldown)

Dimensions and velocities of stuff:

Player collision box: 32x32
Player movement speed: 2 pixels per frame
Player turning speed: 3 degrees per frame
Bullet collision box: 1x1 (a single point)
Bullet speed: 10 pixels per frame
Tile/block size: 40x40

Player collision box:

Note:

All commands should end with a newline (\n)!
To receive the game state, you have to send an empty line ("\n"). If this empty newline is not sent once every 3 seconds, you will be disconnected.
Incidentally, this means that your AI cannot have a compute time greater than 3 seconds.
An empty line received from the server indicates it has finished sending the game state.
The game uses the libgdx game framework, so any questions regarding their API can be found in their documentation: http://libgdx.badlogicgames.com/nightlies/docs/api/

Made by Marcus Loo Vergara for Abakus GameDev, 2015.
Neste gang blir dokumentasjonen på norsk :P